Did you see it?
600 kilos.
That's 600 kilos.
Zhao Ruolan, he lifted it up
Oh, Zhao Ruolan, he's so amazing, hahahaha.
Hahaha, how are you?
Takahashi Smart Ball Taro Takahashi
Zhao Ruolan, he lifted it up
You lose.
How is that possible?
How could a woman seize 600 kilograms?
Is impossible
That's not possible.
He's just a bargain
How could there be such strength?
The facts are in front of you
What else don't you believe?
I'm from Wukong
My family Ruolan has finally succeeded
Taro Takahashi
My daughter won.
Your son, my humiliation can finally be recovered
Sun Weifeng, did you see it?
My daughter, he is neither a waste nor a burden
This is my pride.
This is the pride of our Zhaojiacun
Now are you convinced?
Aren't you ashamed of me?
Don't you look down on us rural people?
So what if your son is a champion?
You call me trash
I am a bargain
Then your son is worse than trash
Can you finish the bet now?
Kneel down and apologize